How to talk about treatment options

When you're living with type 2 diabetes, it's common to reevaluate and change your treatment to adjust to your changing personal health needs.

It's important that you feel empowered and ready to talk to your doctor whenever you feel a change could be beneficial. It can be difficult to start these conversations, but with your treatment goals in mind—and by educating yourself more about type 2 diabetes (like you're doing right now!)—you'll be able to communicate with your doctor more openly about treatment.

Your doctor is the medical expert, but you are the one living with type 2 diabetes. You know your mind and body, and it's important to advocate for your needs and preferences during your discussion. Come to every appointment prepared to talk, ask questions and find solutions together. Here are some topics to consider if you want to speak up about your type 2 diabetes treatment:

Goals
Share your personal goals, whether it's better blood sugar control, weight management, or reducing the risk of cardiovascular events, and discuss with your doctor how your current treatment could be more effective.

Challenges
Discuss any difficulties you've experienced with your current treatment—such as side effects, if you would prefer a pill or an injection (if the option is available), if it fits into your lifestyle, if the cost is too high—and ask if there might find a better alternative that addresses these challenges.

Lifestyle
Talk about your lifestyle and how a new treatment might be better suited for you. For example, if you travel a lot for work and are looking for a medication that is easy to take or maybe you don't have time to exercise as much as you would like, and you would prefer a treatment that can support your weight management goals (in addition to healthy eating and exercise).

Concerns and side effects
Ask questions or share concerns you have about trying a new medication. This means talking through and understanding how it works, and the kind of side effects you could potentially experience. Your doctor should have useful strategies that can help you manage them or decide if you should switch to something else.

Treatment expectations
Set realistic expectations with your doctor regarding the timeline and outcomes of your new treatment. Understanding what to expect can help you stay motivated and evaluate if your medicine is working.

Follow-up
Discuss when you should follow-up on how your new treatment is working. Typically, type 2 diabetes patients should see their doctor every 3–6 months.

Remember, this conversation is about working together with your doctor to find the best treatment option for you. By speaking up, asking questions and being part of the decision-making process, you can create a personalized plan that'll empower you on your journey towards better health.

HQ23GLP00004

References
1. Buse JB, Wexler DJ, Tsapas A, et al., 2019 update to: Management of hyperglycaemia in type 2 diabetes., 2018. A consensus report by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD). Diabetologia. 2020 Feb;63(2):221-228.