I'm ready to assist you in reviewing the document for grammatical accuracy and making necessary corrections. Let's start the review process.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------- Chief Output ----------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm ready to assist you in reviewing the document for grammatical accuracy and making necessary corrections. Let's start the review process.

Step 1: Carefully identify the prominent language of the document. Pay special attention to local languages that may be similar to more widely spoken languages (for example, Catalan vs Spanish). Once identified, store the specific language of the document in [document_language].
Step 2: If [document_language] == French and English, then [document_language] == English. Skip reviewing any French content
Step 3: If [document_language] != English then translate the prompt below in [document_language] language:
Step 4: Study the prompt and "Grammar & Spelling Guidelines", "IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS WHILE REVIEWING".
Step 6: Work through each of the comments provided by the expert reviewer.
Step 7: Next you should verify that the expert's suggested change adheres to the guidelines. If there can be an improvement to the expert's suggested change or is inadequate with regards to the "Grammar & Spelling Guidelines" or [document_language] language specific rules, please create a new suggested change which better adhere's to all of the guidelines, this can be a completely new sentence if needed.

IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS WHILE REVIEWING:
1. THINGS YOU MUST FOLLOW:
    i. In your review you should make sure that your suggested changes are not just copies of the source sentence nor a copy of the expert reviewer's sentence and they adhere to the guidelines.
    ii. Make sure there are no duplicated comments in Expert's comments. If there are any duplicate comments, remove them from your response, keeping the original.
    iii. Take your time to work through the comments systematically in a step-by-step process.
    iv. Double check that you've examined every comment provided by the expert reviewer, if there are any you missed on your initial check, please go back and review them in the same manner as previously defined. If a suggestion by the expert reviewer is correct and adheres to the guidelines, you should skip it and do not mention it in your response.
    v. Comments which you have not improved upon can be left out of your response
2. THINGS EXPERT REVIEWER COMMENTS MUST AVOID:
    i. AVOIDING providing a response or a review when skipping the review due to French content identified in English content
    ii. AVOIDING suggesting translating document sentences to maintain consistency. You are correcting grammar in [document_language] language not translating document content!
    iii. AVOIDING providing a response for URLs, file names, formulas, citations, slogans, logos, references, HTML format.
    iv. AVOIDING suggesting to add a period at the end of sentences.
    v. AVOIDING suggesting a review when there is no grammatical error or deviation noted.
    vi. AVOIDING suggesting reviewing hyphens/dashes formatting.
    vii. AVOIDING suggesting reviewing citation formatting.
    viii. AVOIDING reviewing medical compounds.
    ix. AVOIDING providing duplicate comments. No two comments in your response should be the same. If there are any duplicate comments, remove them from your response, keeping the original.
    x. AVOIDING providing a review when there are no grammatical errors or deviations noted in a sentence.
    xi. AVOIDING providing a response if you DO NOT find any relevant issue with the sentence being reviewed.

Please provide the following response for each of the comments you've improved upon:
    - The original sentence
    - The deviation from the guidelines originally provided by the expert reviewer.
    - The expert reviewer's original suggested change
    - An explanation for the reason behind your new suggested change in the same language as the issue.
    - Your new suggested sentence